You really run wild when I'm not watching you.
You even found a place like this.
Explain.
What are you doing here?
This place is terrifying.
And you think it's fine?
I was terrified.
Imperial Uncle.
You have many secrets.
I even saw Ninth Aunt's husband inside.
He's clearly just an ordinary scholar.
He knew nothing.
Why are you ignoring me?
What's wrong with you?
What's the matter?
Shen Miao, say something.
This tea tastes awful.
What's wrong with it?
Can't you tell?
The color is strange.
It's all turned red.
None of your business.
I...
Miss Jiangzhu, there are vegetables left.
Qingniang.
Shen Miao's eyes...
he can't see colors?
Since childhood, the Prince saw only black and white.
People in the palace shunned him.
They called him an ill-omened star, like Black and White Impermanence.
Consort Xian always believed
she had brought this misfortune upon him.
She died in depression.
His eyes...
were like this since childhood?
That Little Auspicious Cloud in his heart...
was it from his childhood too?
Yes.
How do you know?
He told me when he was little.
Not long ago,
I also learned
that on June eighth, twelve years ago,
he had been to Misty Forest.
That matter...
yes, it was twelve years ago, in June.
That's right.
It was called Guwu Forest.
The Prince went there.
He was the one who saved me.
Mother, I'm scared.
Child, don't be afraid.
I'll get you out.
We've walked so long and still can't get out.
Will bad people kidnap me?
No.
I have an auspicious-cloud mark.
Everyone says
it brings luck and wards off disaster.
Look.
I've only seen stars made with gunpowder.
Never a cloud growing on someone's body.
Stars made with gunpowder?
What's that?
Fireworks.
My mother taught me to make them.
Light them,
they fly into the sky,
and when they burst, they look like stars.
So beautiful.
When I grow up, I'll make stars for you too.
Promise?
Pinky swear, for a hundred years, never to change.
Where are you running?
Child, run!
Anyway,
he is my savior.
Without him I'd have died long ago.
I still must keep my promise
and show him colorful stars.
He couldn't even see colors.
Without resorting to harsh means,
what else can I do?
Could her blood cure the curse?
She was a Jade Waist Slave,
a monster.
Even if I kissed you,
that would not be filth.
Little Auspicious Cloud...
how pitiful.
I can't eat anymore.
I was planning to sneak back tonight.
Who told you to be Little Auspicious Cloud?
She couldn't eat when she saw me.
What happened to her?
Your Highness.
Miss Jiangzhu only asked me
about your past.
She said you saved her.
Twelve years ago in Misty Forest,
you truly saved her.
Misty Forest...
Could it be
the savior she spoke of
was me?
I trust Imperial Uncle's character.
He wouldn't imprison a Chiwu soldier without reason.
I'm letting you go.
Tell the truth.
What did you do wrong?
Hurry.
On the road back, I only
touched a mountain girl's hand.
Then Prince Yan locked me up.
I think Shen Miao is hiding something too.
That woman he brought back,
I've seen her.
She's no ordinary person.
How extraordinary?
Right now, with Crown Prince and Prince Yan
fighting over the succession,
I will of course tell Your Highness everything I saw.
But the Crown Prince must guarantee
my future wealth and rank.
If Sixth Aunt truly saved him back then,
and what that Yilan shaman said is true,
then I can help him see colors.
But that method...
is terrifying.
No.
He saved my life.
A savior's kindness is greater than heaven.
A life saved must be repaid.
But there are guards at the gate.
How can I sneak out
to gather herbs for Xiao Xiangyun?
That Yang Ping
has committed all kinds of crimes.
He's a scourge.
We should find someone to deal with him.
Understood.
We need an opportunity
to get close to
the one who saved both Imperial Uncle and me.
Your Highness.
That girl saved me days ago.
I should find her first
and thank her properly.
Your Highness is so noble,
and has countless rare treasures.
If you truly wish to thank me,
could you do me a small favor?
Of course.
I was just worried I lacked a chance
to repay you properly.
The herbs themselves are fine.
But if you brew this formula,
absolutely not.
It may brighten one's complexion,
but it's still a deviant prescription.
Zhaohua.
You've learned a little medicine,
and think you're now a miracle doctor?
Then I'll ask you, Uncle:
who is this prescription for?
Could it be...?
For His Majesty?
Do as I say.
If you won't explain clearly,
I will never do it.
This prescription...
I'll pretend I never saw it.
You...
You cannot do this.
You've mastered currying favor with the powerful.
Fickle and opportunistic.
Uncle.
You once clung to Prince Yan,
even when he was called ill-omened,
while the crown prince's seat was unstable.
Then you used treatment visits to Bichen Palace
to secretly entangle yourself with the Crown Prince.
I did not.
Enough.
You are still my niece.
You needn't explain to me.
A woman's little schemes...
I've seen them all.
But remember:
in this palace,
only kin
can truly protect you.
The Crown Prince is so generous.
He even gave me this precious golden serpent.
And Eunuch Shijin brought me into the palace.
This little creature
was originally raised to treat His Highness's leg,
but it hasn't worked much over the years.
May I ask what Miss needs it for?
Bastard.
You old rogue.
Bullying young girls.
Quick, save him!
Miss, don't be afraid.
A rude elder like this
deserves a lesson.
Wait, Miss.
I...
It wasn't him.
He grabbed the young lady.
He dragged her away.
Miss! Miss!
He...
He's my uncle.
He is my uncle.
Uncle!
Help!
Uncle! Uncle!
I'm going to save him.
Miss!
Your uncle...
Are you all right?
He...
I'm so angry.
Though he is my uncle,
in my heart,
I feel strangely relieved.
Your smile is beautiful.
You smell so good.
If you don't mind,
you can call me Zhaohua.
Sister Zhaohua,
my name is Jiang Zhu.
Jiang of crimson, Zhu of vermilion.
Crimson.
By the way,
that golden serpent is highly venomous.
What do you need it for?
How venomous is it?
Enough poison
to kill ten pigs.
That's terrifying.
Only a golden serpent
fed on Jade Waist Slave blood
has gall that can cure Shen Miao's eyes.
Your Highness, this was my negligence.
What happened to Miss Jiangzhu?
She dug a hole in the backyard.
Somehow she got a golden serpent.
It hurts so much!
That sounds like Miss Jiangzhu.
What a huge hole.
It hurts.
Crimson!
Shen Miao, you can't...
It hurts so much.
I'm about to faint.
Crimson...
Crimson!
Awake?
I'm thirsty.
What?
I want water.
Here.
Where is my snake?
I threw it away.
You threw it away?
That golden serpent was venomous.
It bit you.
My hand was nearly ruined.
I've already dealt with it.
How did you deal with it?
Burned it.
Burned...
Then...
is the gall still there?
You...
That golden serpent
drank my blood.
Its gall could let you see color.
And you burned it.
You are my savior.
Saving grace
is greater than heaven.
Never mind.
I'll find another one.
I'll feed it again.
So...
you did this so I could see colors.
Only by using my own blood
to feed the golden serpent...
If...
if I'm not your Little Auspicious Cloud...
You're not?
I...
What's wrong?
Shen Miao...
You...
what's wrong with you?
What happened?
Shen Miao.
Shen Miao, what's wrong?
You just inhaled golden-serpent venom
and also drank my blood.
Jade Waist Slave blood
causes rejection in a Yulang's body.
That's why I said not to break the curse.
Shen Miao...
Shen Miao!
It will hurt more if this continues.
Commander Cheng.
This is Prince Yan's manor.
You came without notice,
with such force,
bringing men to break in.
What are you trying to do?
By His Majesty's verbal decree,
the Imperial Guard Commander
came to escort Prince Yan for questioning.
Seven days ago,
the Crown Prince was attacked in the street.
Prince Yan was there.
Chiwu arrowheads
have been submitted for two days.
Knowing His Majesty's temper,
about this time,
he would act.
Imperial Uncle,
you'd better be careful.
His Majesty commands
me to escort Prince Yan into the palace to aid investigation.
Any who disobey
will be killed.
You dare force entry?
MkvDrama.Net